S’io credesse che mia risposta fosse A persona che mai tornasse al mondo, Questa
    staria senza piu scosse. Ma percioche giammai di questo fondo Non torno vivo
   s’i’odo il vero, Senza tema d’infamia ti rispondo. Let us go then, you and I,
the evening is spread out against the sky Like a patient etherized upon a table;
us go, through certain half-deserted streets, The muttering retreats Of restless
   in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells: Streets
            follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an
 question ... Oh, do not ask, “What is it?” Let us go and make our visit. In the
the women come and go Talking of Michelangelo. The yellow fog that rubs its back
    the window-panes, The yellow smoke that rubs its muzzle on the window-panes,
  its tongue into the corners of the evening, Lingered upon the pools that stand
drains, Let fall upon its back the soot that falls from chimneys, Slipped by the
    made a sudden leap, And seeing that it was a soft October night, Curled once
  the house, and fell asleep. And indeed there will be time For the yellow smoke
  slides along the street, Rubbing its back upon the window-panes; There will be
there will be time To prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet; There will
    time to murder and create, And time for all the works and days of hands That
   and drop a question on your plate; Time for you and time for me, And time yet
      a hundred indecisions, And for a hundred visions and revisions, Before the
  of a toast and tea. In the room the women come and go Talking of Michelangelo.
indeed there will be time To wonder, “Do I dare?” and, “Do I dare?” Time to turn
   and descend the stair, With a bald spot in the middle of my hair — (They will
  “How his hair is growing thin!”) My morning coat, my collar mounting firmly to
chin, My necktie rich and modest, but asserted by a simple pin — (They will say:
   how his arms and legs are thin!”) Do I dare Disturb the universe? In a minute
     is time For decisions and revisions which a minute will reverse. For I have
them all already, known them all: Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons,
    have measured out my life with coffee spoons; I know the voices dying with a
 fall Beneath the music from a farther room. So how should I presume? And I have
 the eyes already, known them all— The eyes that fix you in a formulated phrase,
 when I am formulated, sprawling on a pin, When I am pinned and wriggling on the
  Then how should I begin To spit out all the butt-ends of my days and ways? And
  should I presume? And I have known the arms already, known them all— Arms that
    braceleted and white and bare (But in the lamplight, downed with light brown
      Is it perfume from a dress That makes me so digress? Arms that lie along a
 or wrap about a shawl. And should I then presume? And how should I begin? Shall
say, I have gone at dusk through narrow streets And watched the smoke that rises
  the pipes Of lonely men in shirt-sleeves, leaning out of windows? ... I should
 been a pair of ragged claws Scuttling across the floors of silent seas. And the
   the evening, sleeps so peacefully! Smoothed by long fingers, Asleep ... tired
or it malingers, Stretched on the floor, here beside you and me. Should I, after
    and cakes and ices, Have the strength to force the moment to its crisis? But
      I have wept and fasted, wept and prayed, Though I have seen my head (grown
bald) brought in upon a platter, I am no prophet — and here’s no great matter; I
    seen the moment of my greatness flicker, And I have seen the eternal Footman
  my coat, and snicker, And in short, I was afraid. And would it have been worth
   after all, After the cups, the marmalade, the tea, Among the porcelain, among
      talk of you and me, Would it have been worth while, To have bitten off the
 with a smile, To have squeezed the universe into a ball To roll it towards some
 question, To say: “I am Lazarus, come from the dead, Come back to tell you all,
 shall tell you all”— If one, settling a pillow by her head Should say: “That is
  what I meant at all; That is not it, at all.” And would it have been worth it,
all, Would it have been worth while, After the sunsets and the dooryards and the
 streets, After the novels, after the teacups, after the skirts that trail along
   floor— And this, and so much more?— It is impossible to say just what I mean!
   as if a magic lantern threw the nerves in patterns on a screen: Would it have
      worth while If one, settling a pillow or throwing off a shawl, And turning
    the window, should say: “That is not it at all, That is not what I meant, at
 No! I am not Prince Hamlet, nor was meant to be; Am an attendant lord, one that
   do To swell a progress, start a scene or two, Advise the prince; no doubt, an
tool, Deferential, glad to be of use, Politic, cautious, and meticulous; Full of
     sentence, but a bit obtuse; At times, indeed, almost ridiculous— Almost, at
 the Fool. I grow old ... I grow old ... I shall wear the bottoms of my trousers
       Shall I part my hair behind? Do I dare to eat a peach? I shall wear white
   trousers, and walk upon the beach. I have heard the mermaids singing, each to
I do not think that they will sing to me. I have seen them riding seaward on the
    Combing the white hair of the waves blown back When the wind blows the water
    and black. We have lingered in the chambers of the sea By sea-girls wreathed
  seaweed red and brown Till human voices wake us, and we drown.e by T.S. Elliot