    Early that day the weather turned and the snow was melting into dirty water.
    of it ran down from the little shoulder-high window that faced the backyard.
 slushed by on the street outside, where it was getting dark. But it was getting
   on the inside too. He was in the bedroom pushing clothes into a suitcase when
 came to the door. I’m glad you’re leaving! I’m glad you’re leaving! she
   Do you hear? He kept on putting his things into the suitcase. Son of a bitch!
     so glad you’re leaving! She began to cry. You can’t even look me in the
  can you? Then she noticed the baby’s picture on the bed and picked it up. He
at her and she wiped her eyes and stared at him before turning and going back to
    living room. Bring that back, he said. Just get your things and get out, she
 He did not answer. He fastened the suitcase, put on his coat, looked around the
 before turning off the light. Then he went out to the living room. She stood in
  doorway of the little kitchen, holding the baby. I want the baby, he said. Are
      crazy? No, but I want the baby. I’ll get someone to come for his things.
   not touching this baby, she said. The baby had begun to cry and she uncovered
   blanket from around his head. Oh, oh, she said, looking at the baby. He moved
  her. For God’s sake! she said. She took a step back into the kitchen. I want
   baby. Get out of here! She turned and tried to hold the baby over in a corner
  the stove. But he came up. He reached across the stove and tightened his hands
   the baby. Let go of him, he said. Get away, get away! she cried. The baby was
and screaming. In the scuffle they knocked down a flowerpot that hung behind the
   He crowded her into the wall then, trying to break her grip. He held onto the
      and pushed with all his weight. Let go of him, he said. Don’t, she said.
    hurting the baby, she said. I’m not hurting the baby, he said. The kitchen
   gave no light. In the near dark he worked on her fisted fingers with one hand
      with the other hand he gripped the screaming baby up under an arm near the
   She felt her fingers being forced open. She felt the baby going from her. No!
screamed just as her hands came loose. She would have it, this baby. She grabbed
   the baby’s other arm. She caught the baby around the wrist and leaned back.
   he would not let go. He felt the baby slipping out of his hands and he pulled
                               very hard. In this manner, the issue was decided.