Early that day the weather turned and the snow  
melting into dirty water. Streaks of it ran down
the little shoulder-high window that faced the  
Cars slushed by on the street outside, where it 
getting dark. But it was getting dark on the    
too. He was in the bedroom pushing clothes into 
suitcase when she came to the door. I'm glad    
leaving! I'm glad you're leaving! she said. Do  
hear? He kept on putting his things into the    
Son of a bitch! I'm so glad you're leaving! She 
to cry. You can't even look me in the face, can 
Then she noticed the baby's picture on the bed  
picked it up. He looked at her and she wiped her
and stared at him before turning and going back 
the living room. Bring that back, he said. Just 
your things and get out, she said. He did not   
He fastened the suitcase, put on his coat,      
around the bedroom before turning off the light.
he went out to the living room. She stood in the
of the little kitchen, holding the baby. I want 
baby, he said. Are you crazy? No, but I want the
I'll get someone to come for his things. You're 
touching this baby, she said. The baby had begun
cry and she uncovered the blanket from around   
head. Oh, oh, she said, looking at the baby. He 
toward her. For God's sake! she said. She took a
back into the kitchen. I want the baby. Get out 
here! She turned and tried to hold the baby over
a corner behind the stove. But he came up. He   
across the stove and tightened his hands on the 
Let go of him, he said. Get away, get away! she 
The baby was red-faced and screaming. In the    
they knocked down a flowerpot that hung behind  
stove. He crowded her into the wall then, trying
break her grip. He held onto the baby and pushed
all his weight. Let go of him, he said. Don't,  
said. You're hurting the baby, she said. I'm not
the baby, he said. The kitchen window gave no   
In the near dark he worked on her fisted fingers
one hand and with the other hand he gripped the 
baby up under an arm near the shoulder. She felt
fingers being forced open. She felt the baby    
from her. No! she screamed just as her hands    
loose. She would have it, this baby. She grabbed
the baby's other arm. She caught the baby around
wrist and leaned back. But he would not let go. 
felt the baby slipping out of his hands and he  
back very hard. In this manner, the issue was   
